{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh20400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SCN Physio Toolbox Manual\
\
The GSR tool is an SPM5-compatible toolbox.\
\
ln -s /Users/tor/Documents/matlab_code/GSRtoolbox /Users/tor/Documents/matlab_code_external/spm5/toolbox/GSRtoolbox\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 NOTES FOR HELP FILE:
\f1 \
\

\f0 In the "Data display window" there are two axes.
\f1 \

\f0 The top-most one shows you the overall time series. The x-axis is in seconds.
\f1 \

\f0 Clicking here will scroll to the corresponding location in the lower window.
\f1 \

\f0 The lower window shows you GSR events, etc. in greater resolution.
\f1 \
\

\f0 Yellow indicates event periods.
\f1 \

\f0 Clicking on a yellow box will bring up a window showing data during all trials.
\f1 \
\

\f0 Green indicates estimated GSR event periods.
\f1 \

\f0 Clicking on a green box will delete that GSR event.
\f1 \
\

\f0 You can create a GSR event by clicking in the white space on the bottom graph. The left-most click will be used as the GSR onset, and the right-most click will be used as the GSR offset.
\f1 \
\

\f0 The blue dots indicate local peaks discovered during the automatic detection routine. Dots are local maxima.
\f1 \
\

\f0 You can mark off sections with bad (artifactual) data by clicking in the lower axis pane, and then shift-clicking (hold shift and click) to specify the duration of the period you want to mark as bad. \'a0This period will be marked in RED. \'a0Click on a RED box to remove it.
\f1 \
\

\f0 Because the peak-finding algorithm uses the distribution of derivatives across all samples (depending on the method you specify in Analysis setup***?) you may want to re-calculate derivatives and peaks. \'a0After marking off bad sections, click "Renormalize" at the bottom to re-compute derivatives.
\f1 \
\
}